Update the split brain link to official etcd documentation (#1339)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/v2.14/modules/en/pages/installation-and-upgrade/other-installation-methods/http-proxy/set-up-infrastructure.adoc

[#_why_three_nodes]
== Why Three Nodes?

> Achieving fault tolerance in a high-availability (HA) RKE2/K3s setup requires a minimum of three etcd nodes. Adding an even node (e.g., expanding from 3 to 4 nodes) increases the required quorum from 2 to 3 without increasing fault tolerance - both configurations can only tolerate a single node failure. A 3-node cluster is the baseline for high availability because if one node fails, the remaining two maintain a majority quorum (N / 2+1) to elect aleader and maintain quorum, per the [etcd documentation](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.6/faq/#why-an-odd-number-of-cluster-members).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an RKE2 or K3s cluster, {rancher-product-name} server data is stored in etcd, which runs on all three nodes. Achieving fault tolerance in a high-availability (HA) setup requires a minimum of three etcd nodes.

Expanding the cluster from three to four nodes increases the required quorum from two to three without improving fault tolerance (both configurations tolerate only a single node failure). A three-node cluster provides the baseline for high availability. If one node fails, the remaining two maintain a majority quorum ((N / 2) + 1) to elect a leader, as described in the [etcd documentation on cluster size](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.6/faq/#why-an-odd-number-of-cluster-members).
```
